Inside this folder, we compared our results to several existing methods and datasets, as well as studied our own results in more detail. The results from this section are described in further detail in our publication(TODO - ADD LINK).

The contents of each jupyter notebook and folder is explained below:

### Jupyter Notebooks

1. **alternate_contacts_analysis.ipynb**

    This notebook looks at possible alternative contacts that could be formed given a target protein (suggested by our dataset).

    We chose the beta-lactamase TEM1 as the target protein due to the available experimental data in which fitness values for almost all single point mutations were determined.

    We found all possible single point mutations suggested by our approach and compared these values to two alternative selection methods.

2. **network_similarity.ipynb**

    Measure the similarity of each network and compare the networks made to sequence based data.

    Then apply hierarchical clustering to the contact similarity matrix to create a dendrogram based on protein contacts.


3. **analyse_dendrograms.ipynb**

    This is a follow up to the analysis performed in the notebook called "network_similarity.ipynb".

    In that notebook, hierarchal clustering was performed, and in this one we analyse what differences in the contacts were behind the splitting(s).



###  Folders

#### percentage_id_matrix
The percentage identity matrix for the 69 proteins used in this dataset was generated using the Clustal Omega webserver (https://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/msa/clustalo/).
The alignment file provided to the webserver is: "all_sequences.txt".
The default settings were used.
The percent identity matrix was downloaded as is and is saved as in the file: "percent_identity_matrix.txt"

#### tem1_fitness_data
Dataset of per residue fitness scores obtained from the publication:
https://academic.oup.com/mbe/article/31/6/1581/2925654

The original data (raw_experimental_data.xlsx) is included in this repository alongside the script used to reformat the data (process_tem1_data.py) and the extracted per residue fitness scores (per_res_fitness_scores.json).

#### comparison_results
This folder is where the results generated in the jupyter notebook are written to. This includes things like graphs/figures or pymol scripts to project results onto. This is not included in the repository as it can be generated by running the notebooks.

#### msa_scores
multiple sequence alingment (msa) results generated by modeller. The output from this is used to provide the consensus alingment that allows for the comparison of conservation between contacts proteins.

#### tem1_conservation_scores
Contains some predetermined (residue-residue conservation scores) results for the TEM1 beta lactamase so that the notebook can focus on the analysis at hand. Conservation scores at for each residue pair. The crystal structure dataset is for several 